build: migrate to changesets from lerna (#4533)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: README.md

### Dependency linting

> There are downstream issues that can arise from multiple packages in this mono-repo using dependencies with mismatching version strings. This is particularly an issue for dependencies below `1.0.0` but can be exacerbated in that context and others by more strict settings that can be applied in various package managers. By default, Changesets will bump version numbers of internal dependencies when the various packages are published and the depended version is pointing to the latest release, which can help to mitigate this issue. This can be further mitigated by using `^0.0.0` structured dependency versions, the `^` allowing for the highest amount of upward flexibility in satisfying the dependency. When using these version strings, `yarn lint:versions` which ensure that all instances of those strings for the same dependency match across the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mismatched versions within this project can cause significant issues for downstream customers. This is particularly an issue for dependencies below `1.0.0`. By default, Changesets bumps the version number of internal dependencies when packages are published, but only if that package is pointing to the latest release. If versions should get out-of-sync, you can use the `yarn lint:versions` tool to validate and correct any mismatched dependencies in the project.

A good rule of thumb is to use the semantic caret `^` prefix for all your dependencies to pull in the latest features and patches for a package (but not breaking changes).
```
